And that's it for React for now.
I could dive in way deeper but as I said, this is no React course and it shouldn't become one.
You can definitely learn React in way greater detail with my course, with my standalone React
course and if that way of building applications is interesting to you,
you definitely should.
The huge advantages that you can focus on the what and on your business logic and not on the how,
you don't need to do that detailed access to change something in the DOM,
you don't need to manually take care that you got all the code set up correctly for interacting with
the DOM,
instead you define the end result and your different pieces of state and data that are used there and
then it's React's job to update this DOM correctly
and the same logic is used in Angular and Vue by the way.
They have a different syntax,
they have some additional features and a totally different way of implementing this you could say
but the general idea of having this declarative approach where you define the result you want to have
and not the way to get there is the same.
So definitely check out these frameworks for bigger Javascript projects where a large chunk of your
UI or maybe all of it should be managed with Javascript, such frameworks really take a lot of
work off you and give you way more time and power to focus on what matters to your users instead of
focusing on these nitty-gritty details.